                         Small-Mac Assembler Version 1.0
         
         A  companion assembler to the Small-C compiler is now available.
         Small-Mac is a complete  relocatable,  macro  assembler  package
         written in  Small-C, for use with the Small-C compiler.  It runs
         on 8080/Z80 machines under CP/M. Its  outstanding  features  are
         low   cost,   ease   of   use,  CPU  adaptability,  source  code
         distribution, and educational value.
         
         The following programs are included:
         
                   MAC       macro assembler
                   LNK       linkage editor
                   LGO       load-and-go loader
                   LIB       library manager
                   CMIT      CPU configuration utility
                   DREL      dump relocatable files
         
         MAC is a two-pass, table driven, relocatable,  macro  assembler.
         It  "learns" the target machine from a machine instruction table
         (MIT) which is created with a text editor and compiled with  the
         CMIT configuration  utility.    It  generates relocatable object
         modules in the 8-bit Microsoft format.  MAC is  invoked  with  a
         simple command syntax and issues descriptive error messages.
         
         LNK  combines  specified  object  modules  with modules found in
         specified libraries to create executable programs.  Its  default
         output is  a  standard  .COM  file.    However,  it can generate
         "load-and-go" (.LGO) files for execution at any desired address.
         
         LGO loads and optionally executes .LGO files.    It  provides  a
         convenient  way  to  invoke  operating system extensions at cold
         start time.
         
         LIB builds, maintains, and lists the contents of LNK  compatible
         libraries.
         
         CMIT  compiles  machine  instruction  tables,  lists  them,  and
         optionally configures the assembler with  the  resulting  object
         table.
         
         DREL produces a formatted dump of .REL and .LIB files.
         
         Small-Mac  instruction  operands  may contain expressions of any
         complexity.   Expression  operators  and  precedence  rules  are
         follow the   C  language.    The  Small-Mac  macro  facility  is
         extremely easy  to  learn,  remember,  and  use.     Conditional
         assembly and repeat pseudo-ops are not supported at this time.
         
                                  J. E. Hendrix
                                     Box 8378
                              University, MS  38677














