                             Small-Tools Release 1.1
         
         Small-Tools  is  a package of text processing programs which are
         patterned after the ones in the  book  "Software  Tools."    The
         following programs are included:
         
          CHANGE    replace occurrences of a pattern
          COUNT     count characters, words, and/or lines
          COPY      copy one or more files into one
          CRYPT     encrypt or decrypt files
          DETAB     replace tabs with equivalent blanks
          EDIT      create or modify files (in-core version of UNIX ed)
          ENTAB     replace blanks with equivalent tabs
          FIND      find lines containing a pattern
          FONT      set printer font (written for EPSON, but modifiable)
          FORMAT    format and print files (little brother to UNIX roff)
          LIST      list files (multi-column) on pages of any size
          MERGE     merge 2 sorted files for unique, equal, or all lines
          PRINT     print with page skips, headings, and line numbers
          SORT      sort text lines ascending or descending on key field
          TRANS     transliterate characters, isolate words, etc.
         
         These  are  a  very comfortable set of tools for almost any text
         processing  task,  including  mail-list  merging  and   spelling
         checking.
         
         EDIT  is  a  line  oriented  editor similar to the standard UNIX
         editor.  It employs an optional  automatic  redisplay  algorithm
         which provides  the  visibility  of  full  screen  editors.   It
         supports  global  search  and  command  execution  capabilities.
         Pattern  matching  capabilities,  familiar  to  UNIX  users, are
         available.
         
         FORMAT performs text formatting.  It handles standard formatting
         functions like line filling, justifying, centering, underlining,
         boldface, headers,  footers,  and  page  numbering.    It   also
         supports  italics,  and double wide printing if your printer has
         these features.
         
         SORT is a disk-to-disk sort utility which operates  on  standard
         ASCII files.    It  accepts  files of any size, and creates work
         files to hold intermediate sort runs if necessary.  It will sort
         ascending or descending on 1) the whole line, 2) a  fixed  field
         starting  at  any  character  position,  or 3) a variable length
         field identified by relative position in the line.  White  space
         is  the  default  field separator, although any character may be
         specified.  SORT considers upper- and lower-case letters to have
         the same colating sequence.
         
         The Small-Tools programs are written in Small-C 2.1.   They  are
         distributed  as  source code and come with a 70 page photocopied
         manual.
         
         
                                  J. E. Hendrix
                                     Box 8378
                              University, MS  38677









